now in our nutrition section
hydration sandra suárez will explain that
we must eat and take the day of the
good race well in this opportunity
we are going to talk to you about what we should
do to improve our performance
in the 10k races once we get
we raise then the day of the race there
to consider several things we should
consider first that we should not leave
to a career in aid the first thing that
we must do is eat things that
can be absorbed quickly and that
do not generate any type of flatulence
problems that prevent our
performance be better in the race thing
that are absorbed quickly are those
that have neither fiber nor are they food
products of your slow neither have big
amounts of protein or fat per
example a typical breakfast could be
a slice of white bread with jam
and a little bit of ricotta or cream cheese
light and maybe a fruit that between
half an hour 45 minutes before the
race then do not drink a lot of fluid
during that time but wait 15
minutes before the race to
take us at least
because the metabolism of water lasts 2
hours if we drink a lot of water
that we get up will surely make us
really want to urinate during the
career then the ideal is to avoid
drink a lot of fluid and wait until 15
minutes before the race to do it
and then you take those 15 is 500 cc
before the race
you can wait more or less 20 minutes
because the average liquid loss
is for women between 800 and 1200 66
for men between 1000 and 2000 it is
to avoid from not avoiding any
point and take your two little ones and never
to get to feel important is that
when you feel that now is
dehydrated he probably is not going to
give time the rest of the race to
recover what we have already recovered if
they want some additional information
then you can check the page
internet www points I am a marathoner
puntocom and in the nutrition section
Hydration will get many items
related to careers and my
phones in the office are 98 80 4
94 and 98 May 16 to 26 my email
that is in ut 1970 gmail.com